---
title: 'Contest Prep Log: KILL EVERYTHING!'
date: 2016-04-19 00:00:00 Z
categories:
- tips-n-tricks
layout: post
image: bild-03.jpg
---

I'm close to 16 weeks out to my first Men's Physique contest, which is in my home town! It's a really crazy feeling that it's the little town I've grown up in. Because all my friends and family have the oppertunity to attend and cheer for me which motivates me tons! And this is as mentioned my FIRST contest ever in the Men's Physique division. When i'm doing my own check-ins I feel quite confident but i'm going up on stage with an open mind and just trying to enjoy the moment. But at the same time im killing it to take home first place!

The division is very different from the divisions origin USA. The athletes are much bigger! I don't know why this is. Maybe the divison is still very young and have imo much more to offer and develop. But imo the whole fitness and health industri have much more potential then today. But let's stick to MP for now. There is two things I personally would like to be adjusted.

###Veins

####Boardshorts.
I personally would prefer if this division adjusted the rules about the lenght of the shorts. To show of them QUADS!!! ;) Simple as that.

####Posing Routine
This one I just want because it would be fun as hell. The MP division doesn't have their own posing routine. I know, if there where 100 contenders in one division it would take forever! Like i said, just for fun!

My "Shred Plan" is nailed down and i'm starting the 2th of Aug which is this Sunday! Im sticking to the same Carb Cycle I tried out earlier this year. The only thing I adjusted was the daily protein ratio.